Agenda topics for the next KDE team meeting
-------------------------------------------

1. Roll call (5 minutes)

2. Electing a new team leader (5 minutes, please make your mind up beforehand!)

3. Dropping RPATH from installed binaries (5 minutes)
   * Short discussion- any objections to testing this in the overlay eclasses and later 
   moving it to the main tree if it works?

4. Bugs (30 minutes)
   * Remove hard dep on media-libs/phonon from kde-base/kdelibs
   https://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=356681
   https://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=388041

   * Eclass problem with handbook without LINGUAS.
   https://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=372457

   * Revise the change "semantic-desktop? -> semantic-desktop=".
   Why was the change needed.
   https://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=396491

5. Open floor (15 minutes)
