agenda suggestions:

1) kde-git/eclasses migration and status
2) move kdepim 4.6 beta in tree masked?
3) Shall we drop useflag kdeprefix to simplify code?
   "The problem is that bindings are not prefixed, and a possible fix (proposed 
    by reavertm) would be to slot sip. tampakrap said he'll work on this, and bring 
    the topic back in next meeting."
4) Making +consolekit and +policikit or removing the useflags as whole (non working stuff run-as is annoying)
   "No consensus was reached, the topic will be continued in the gentoo-desktop mailing list."
   Mailing list query resulted in two user voices for "default on but still configurable"
5) AT/overlay/bugzie access policy
   any news here?
6) 4.6 status / stabilization / important bugs

