Agenda topics for the next KDE meeting:

* split tarballs, ebuilds: decide where to follow upstream / where not, define policy
* use flag defaults for kde subprofile (bug 365251)
* kdeprefix removal status
* kde-4.6.3 stabilization: any issues?
