Agenda topics for the next KDE team meeting
-------------------------------------------

1. Roll call (5 minutes)

2. Solaris patches (5 minutes)
   We apply many patches to support Solaris, but there seems to be no prefix keyword.
   Does anyone know anything about them? If we are supporting Solaris, Kensington 
   would like to push these patches upstream. Does anyone have access to a box to test
   if they are still useful?

3. Bugs (30 minutes)
   * app-cdr/k3b: Excessive use of REQUIRED_USE (and wrong combination USE="lame"+"encode")
    REQUIRED_USE was added, otherwise USE="-encode lame" does nothing
    Options:
        1. Revert to original behaviour - we don't care that USE="-encode lame" does nothing
        2. Keep the REQUIRED_USE, but rename lame -> mp3
        3. Drop the encode flag, but move the optional RDEPS to an elog
        4. Drop the encode flag and keep optional RDEPS (current behaviour)
    https://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=417235

4. Open floor (15 minutes)
