agenda suggestions

0) electing new lead
1) status regarding hal
2) should we try to form a "stable kde devs" team? meaning just call for volunteers on the dev ml?
3) kde-git migration and status
4) Shall we drop useflags kdeenablefinal and/or kdeprefix to simplify code?
5) Dropping of semantic-desktop useflag with guide update (mostly even kdebase needs it on now)
6) Making +consolekit and +policikit or removing the useflags as whole (non working stuff run-as is annoying)
